[docs][eas-update] Explain how to read the original error behind an error-recovery crash (#48953)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/error-recovery.mdx

Even though it appears the exception was thrown from expo-updates, this stacktrace generally indicates **an error that originated in JavaScript**.

Apple's crash report does not show the exception message in the backtrace. Two other places record the original JavaScript error:

> - The exception name. When the fatal error comes from JavaScript, the name has the form `RCTFatalException: <the JavaScript error>`. Symbolicate the crash report and read the exception name.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `prose.md#core-principles`

The crash report example above is already symbolicated, with function names and line numbers, and it still shows no exception name. Symbolication resolves addresses in the backtrace, so it is not the step that reveals the name. Name the part of the crash report that carries the exception name instead.

<!-- docs-review -->

> - [`Updates.readLogEntriesAsync()`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/#updatesreadlogentriesasyncmaxage), which returns the error that `expo-updates` serialized when it caught the error. Log entries older than one day are removed.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `prose.md#core-principles`

`readLogEntriesAsync()` defaults `maxAge` to 3600000 ms, so the no-argument call linked here returns only the last hour. A developer reading this after a crash from earlier in the day gets an empty array and concludes the log is gone. One day is the oldest entry the call can return, not the point where entries are removed.

```suggestion
- [`Updates.readLogEntriesAsync()`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/#updatesreadlogentriesasyncmaxage), which returns the error that `expo-updates` serialized when it caught it. The default `maxAge` is one hour, so pass a larger value in milliseconds to reach an older crash. One day is the oldest entry you can retrieve.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

If neither is available, reproduce the crash locally with the Xcode debugger or macOS Console app attached.

</Tab>

</Tabs>

## After an update is marked as failed

> `expo-updates` does not launch a failed update on that device again, and a restart does not clear this. [`Updates.checkForUpdateAsync()`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/#updatescheckforupdateasync) reports the update as unavailable with the reason `updatePreviouslyFailed`. To recover a device in this state, publish a new update or reinstall the app.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `prose.md#voice-and-tone`

"that device" has no antecedent in a section readers can land on straight from the table of contents, and the opening sentence joins two thoughts with "and". Split it and name the subject.

```suggestion
After `expo-updates` marks an update as failed, it does not launch that update on the device again. Restarting the app does not clear the mark. [`Updates.checkForUpdateAsync()`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/#updatescheckforupdateasync) reports the update as unavailable with the reason `updatePreviouslyFailed`. To recover a device in this state, publish a new update or reinstall the app.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

> One frequent cause of an update that fails to launch, when the build it was published for works, is configuration that is present at build time but missing at publish time. For example, Metro inlines `EXPO_PUBLIC_*` environment variables into the bundle when it creates the bundle, so these variables must be set for `eas update` as well as for `eas build`.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `links-and-headings.md#internal-links`

[Using environment variables with EAS Update](/eas/environment-variables/usage/#using-environment-variables-with-eas-update) already covers `EXPO_PUBLIC_` inlining, so link to it rather than restating it here. Both sentences also run past 25 words, and "into the bundle when it creates the bundle" repeats itself.

```suggestion
One frequent cause of an update that fails to launch is configuration that is present at build time but missing at publish time. For example, Metro inlines `EXPO_PUBLIC_*` environment variables into the bundle, so set them for `eas update` as well as for `eas build`. See [Using environment variables with EAS Update](/eas/environment-variables/usage/#using-environment-variables-with-eas-update) for more information.
```

<!-- docs-review -->
